Create September QAT Gazette (#1754)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2018-09-19-the-qat-gazette-september-2018.md

---
layout: post
title: "The QAT Gazette: September 2018"
date: 2018-10-19 16:00:00 +0000
---

> Huge changes to Beatmap Nominator applications, updates on improvements to Modding Discussions, and a brand new blog contributor? What will they come up with next? This month’s issue of the QAT Gazette has all the answers!

Reviewer: hardly clear that "new blog contributor" just means a new QAT member, and I don't think it's so fitting to ask these "find out in the post!" questions
```suggestion
This month's issue of the QAT Gazette covers huge changes to Beatmap Nominator applications, updates on improvements to Modding Discussions, and changes within the team. Read on to learn more!
```
probably could be re-worded but that is my idea

Author: I mean a new person writing on this blog (which is Kibbleru), not just that he's a new QAT since this gets covered in every issue anyway. If I specify that it's a new "QAT Gazette contributor", then I'm using identical phrasing twice in quick succession which sounds worse imo.

Also I literally start every single gazette article with these sentences so /shrug

Author: Discussed in discord and removed unnecessary sensationalist commentary.

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/qat-blog-logo.png)

## Opening
by [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508)

A new month brings new adventure, new challenges, and a new face to our humble blog!

> A lot has happened in the past month and as you might expect, you can find it all right here! From substantial changes to the way Beatmap Nominator applications are conducted, to ongoing developments within the Modding Discussions system and of course, some aforementioned new faces, keep reading to find out everything you need to know in and around the mapping and modding community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot has happened in the past month, and as you might expect, you can find it all right here! From substantial changes to the way Beatmap Nominator applications are conducted, to ongoing developments within the Modding Discussions system and of course, some aforementioned new faces, keep reading to find out everything you need to know in and around the mapping and modding community.
```

Author: The first two clauses are not independent, so technically they shouldn't be linked with a comma if joined by "and". If it's about speech pausing, there's already one after "expect" so I don't think another is necessary here.

### Beatmap Nominator Retirements

Fun times always have to come to an end eventually. This month, we give our farewells to two of our diligent Beatmap Nominators: [Plaudible](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7149815) and [Jonawaga](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3653035).

On behalf of the community, we thank you for your hard work in bringing new content into the game, and we wish you good luck in your next steps in life!

## Within the Quality Assurance Team
by [Raiden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2239480)

### Ongoing discussions

Normally, every monthly issue of the QAT Gazette brings you exciting news and updates on a great diversity of fields within the osu! Mapping and modding community.

Unfortunately, this month is somewhat sparse on the news front, since some important topics require further discussion and have not yet been resolved. However, we are writing this in order to inform you that we indeed have not simply forgotten about such matters!

> The topics still being debated include the following:

Author: Added

> + Discussion about the [management of hybrid mapsets](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/792131) 

Reviewer: list should use `-`, just a style thing

Author: I assumed these gave an identical effect but fair enough, changed

---
layout: post
title: "The QAT Gazette: September 2018"
date: 2018-10-19 16:00:00 +0000
---

Huge changes to Beatmap Nominator applications, updates on improvements to Modding Discussions, and a brand new QAT Gazette contributor? Another month's worth of exciting news beckons, so read on to catch up on all the excitement!

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/qat-blog-logo.png)

## Opening

by [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508)

A new month brings new adventure, new challenges, and a new face to our humble blog!

> A lot has happened in the past month and as you might expect, you can find it all right here! From substantial changes to the way Beatmap Nominator applications are conducted, to ongoing developments within the Modding Discussions system and of course, some aforementioned new faces, keep reading to find out everything you need to know in and around the mapping and modding community.

Reviewer 2: has happened -> happened

Author: "has happened" is perfect tense which implies the things have been completed - which as the article later puts forward, is the case, hence why I used it.

Also it just reads better imo.

### Beatmap Nominator Retirements

Fun times always have to come to an end eventually. This month, we give our farewells to two of our diligent Beatmap Nominators: [Plaudible](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7149815) and [Jonawaga](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3653035).

On behalf of the community, we thank you for your hard work in bringing new content into the game, and we wish you good luck in your next steps in life!

## Within the Quality Assurance Team

by [Raiden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2239480)

### Ongoing discussions

Normally, every monthly issue of the QAT Gazette brings you exciting news and updates on a great diversity of fields within the osu! Mapping and modding community.

Unfortunately, this month is somewhat sparse on the news front, since some important topics require further discussion and have not yet been resolved. However, we are writing this in order to inform you that we indeed have not simply forgotten about such matters!

The topics still being debated include the following:

> - Discussion about the [management of hybrid mapsets](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/792131) 

Reviewer 2: mapsets -> beatmapsets?

Author: fixed
